welcome back to movie on today i'm going
to explain the movie called the layover
from 2017. spoilers ahead watch out and
take care and i hope you enjoy it in
this movie two best friends fall in love
with the same guy we will explain to you
what happens next
so let's start the explanation
at the beginning of the movie a teacher
is talking to her classroom of students
her name is kate she sees that a student
is not paying attention to the lesson
instead he's reading another book she
tells him to read the book aloud for the
whole class to hear when he reads the
book in front of everyone they all
really enjoy it kate stops teaching the
class and now she's listening to the
book as well the principal comes to her
classroom and sees that she's having fun
with the kids instead of teaching the
curriculum therefore he calls her to his
office he indirectly tells her to resign
from her job because he thinks kate
became a teacher by mistake and should
be in a different profession he also
makes a pretty weird comment telling her
that her hair is beautiful and she
should cut it and keep it short next we
see kate's best friend and roommate her
name is meg she's trying to sell some
north korean beauty cosmetics but she's
struggling to make any sales which
frustrates her and she angrily goes
outside when she comes out she sees that
her car is being towed because she had
parked in a no parking zone when kate
returns home she sees that meg is having
a party actually she was just trying to
let loose with some drinks after having
such a sucky day kate asks her if she
was successful in selling any cosmetics
meg tells her about her work problems
and her car being towed and how it's
been just an awful day meg then asks
kate how her day was kate tells her how
the principal is putting pressure on her
to quit teaching
a guy interrupts their conversation
saying how he's in a rush and he has to
head out meg acknowledges him and he
asks if she can return his clothes to
him he takes his clothes and leaves
abruptly later that night meg wakes up
kate at four in the morning and
excitedly suggests that they should take
a spontaneous trip somewhere to get away
from all the stress and have some fun
kate still groggy from being woken up
reluctantly agrees but wants to wait
until the morning to talk about the
details however meg had already booked
tickets to fort lauderdale on a whim
when kate learns this she expresses that
she doesn't want to go but she doesn't
really have much choice since the
tickets are non-refundable and cannot be
cancelled
also the flight leaves very soon so
they're going to have to hurry they rush
to the airport arriving late and they
see that there's a very long line at the
security checkpoint if they have to wait
in line they will surely miss their
flight so meg comes up with a plan and
proceeds to flirt with the tsa agent
this works and they charm their way
through the line without waiting
but meg had a bottle of alcohol in her
bag and security won't allow them to
take it on board
he tells her to throw it away but
instead she just drinks it all on the
spot in the next scene kate is scared
after getting on the plane because she
has a fear of heights to calm her nerves
she takes some anti-anxiety pills
kate sits next to the window and meg
sits beside her in the aisle keeping the
middle seat empty but another passenger
who happens to be a very handsome man
arrives and takes the middle seat
between them
he's a firefighter named ryan and he's
going to a wedding kate and meg are both
attracted to him at first sight and they
shamelessly flirt with him
since kate took too many pills she
passes out a few hours into the flight
they learn that their plane is being
diverted to st louis in an emergency
landing due to a hurricane warning they
end up staying in a hotel to wait for
their next flight they meet the
receptionist whose name is anush
he asks how they're doing and meg tells
him that they lost their bag at the
airport they were about to head to their
room when they see ryan in the elevator
ryan is clearly heading to the gym but
meg had thought he was meant to attend
his friend's wedding ryan tells them
that the wedding isn't for a few days so
he invites them to go to the bar they go
to their room first where meg asks kate
if she can wear her dress for tonight
since she lost her bag kate tells her
that she only has one dress so she's not
too keen on sharing it meg persists to
try to sway her but kate staunchly
refuses
meg comes down to reception and asks
anuj if there are any malls nearby so
that she can buy a dress anuge tells her
that the nearest mall is 20 minutes away
from here but only if there's no traffic
meanwhile kate has gone to the bar
already to meet ryan alone he asks her
where meg is but kate pretends to not
know
kate and ryan are talking to each other
and then ryan sees meg arrive she's
wearing a sari that belongs to anuj's
mom ryan is surprised by this intriguing
choice of outfit he introduces them to
roger and nancy nancy tells meg that she
looks like a princess
they had come here to celebrate their
anniversary suddenly they see that the
hurricane is getting stronger which
means their flight would be delayed even
later ryan is very upset about this
in an attempt to cheer him up kate and
meg have a little dance competition
between them
meg is having fun and really losing
herself in the dancing so she doesn't
even realize when her sari falls off and
exposes her boob she keeps dancing but
then a guy comes forward and covers her
breast with his hat
though not before a different guy takes
a photo of her
as they're going back to their room kate
asks meg how long her breasts were
uncovered it was about 20 seconds ryan
tells them they are all stuck here
anyway due to the flight delay so we
should travel around the city tomorrow
and kate and meg agree with him as ryan
is getting into the elevator kate gets
on as well saying she needs to get some
ice
but meg sees that she's just trying to
be close to ryan and decides to join her
in the elevator as well
they fight with each other about it and
in the end neither of them ride the
elevator with ryan they get back to
their room and start fighting about ryan
because both girls are attracted to him
and are vying to get his attention the
next morning they plan to go on a hot
air balloon ride but remember kate is
scared of heights so ryan suggests they
do a different activity meg tells him
that maybe she and ryan can go on the
hot air balloon and kate can go to the
museum separately kate clearly doesn't
want meg to be alone with ryan so she
also goes with them on the hot air
balloon when they get on the balloon
kate is visibly freaked out the man
who's flying the balloon only has one
eye and kate doubts whether he can
actually see kate is sweating profusely
after they ascend ryan asks her if she's
okay because she's sweating a lot kate
reassures him that she is all right and
that she's just feeling a bit hot
the balloon pilot tells her when we go
above 2000 feet then you'll feel cold
kate asks him how high they are now and
learns that they are already 500 feet up
kate gets really scared and ryan tries
to comfort her by having her look in his
eyes while he sings a song for her
while meg is opening the champagne
bottle the cork flies towards the pilot
and blinds his other eye
this causes them to crash land onto a
birthday party
later on after getting back to the hotel
they plan to go to the pool
meg wears a really skimpy short dress to
go to the pool and kate is jealous and
upset about it so to compete kate cuts
her own dress to make it even shorter
after they get to the pool meg tries to
impress ryan but she injures her eye and
her whole face turns red
the next day when they go to the cafe to
have drinks they see that ryan is
leaving the hotel with his bag they run
out of the cafe to catch up to him and
they find out that he's going to florida
they're torn about having to say goodbye
so suddenly but ryan says one of them
can come with him because there's one
more seat available in his car
meg and kate both argue over who will go
and ultimately they both end up cramming
in together
on the road meg starts to put lotion on
ryan's hand in a sensual way
again kate gets jealous after seeing
this which is why she shows him
unflattering childhood pictures of meg
eventually they stop at a gas station to
refill and kate goes to the restroom and
sees how disgustingly dirty it is but
she still really needs to use it so
somehow she manages when she finishes
and tries to come out the door does not
budge
meg had closed the door from outside to
take her revenge
kate tries going outside through the
window but her leg slips and she falls
down and stains her dress
meg is talking to ryan as kate comes out
through the bathroom window and falls
down onto the trash can
ryan runs over to her and meg asks if
she's okay and plays dumb asking what
happened to her
kate explains that someone locked her up
in the bathroom kate takes a shower in
the gas station and they resume driving
once again
on the road again kate acts like she was
injured so that ryan will give her a
massage
while ryan is massaging her kate is
moaning and acting very relaxed now meg
is the jealous one so she puts a
sleeping pill into the wine and gives it
to kate kate declines the drink however
but then craig the one who's driving
drinks the whole bottle
meg tells craig that he's been driving
for a long time and maybe he should let
her drive now but craig tells her that
he drives four to five days a week and
that this is nothing for him
he tells everyone they can go to sleep
and he'll take care of the driving
all of them are sleeping while craig
continues to drive slowly succumbing to
the dreariness of the sleeping pills
eventually craig does fall asleep and
crashes the car
as a result the group decides to stay in
a hotel for the night
kate sees the sleeping pills in the
bottle and understands what mega's done
so she requests to have a separate room
also because of all the mishaps ryan
will not be able to attend the wedding
meg concedes and tells kate that she can
have ryan
but kate reveals that she doesn't want
him either really she just didn't want
meg to have him
when kate is alone later on ryan comes
over and makes a pass at her he kisses
her which she gives into
they go to their room to get intimate
and kate notices that ryan's penis is
misshapen
kate asks him if it was from an accident
and ryan shares with her that he was
actually just born that way
they proceeded to have rigorous sex meg
is alone at the bar when craig shows up
craig tells her that there's so many
guys out there and she should look for
someone else the next morning meg tells
kate that we should not destroy our
friendship because of a guy
but by mistake meg tells her that ryan's
penis was deformed and kate realizes
that meg and ryan have also had sex
this causes the two to get into a
physical fight meg punches kate in her
neck and they throw food at each other
making a complete mess of the lobby kate
falls down and meg goes to pull her up
but then kate kicks her in the belly and
she falls down as well
after that a big closet falls on them
and eventually the police are called
craig tells the police that ryan took
his car to attend a friend's wedding
but when craig looks at ryan's profile
he sees that ryan is actually the one
getting married
the police arrest meg and kate for their
behavior in the hotel
they tell the police that they will pay
for the damages and the police
eventually let them go
appalled at learning about ryan's
marriage and cheating scandals they set
out to stop the wedding and tell
everything to ryan's wife to protect her
from the scumbag
they asked the receptionist about the
wedding location and they run to
confront ryan they arrive at the
ceremony and run up to the wife and tell
her that she's making a terrible mistake
they reveal that they've both had sex
with the groom the night before his
wedding but they were unaware that he
was engaged
they accuse him of being a liar which
angers the wife who breaks off the
wedding but then they see that ryan was
not the groom of this wedding so they
went to look for the correct wedding and
when they found it they were too late
ryan had already been married but they
do find ryan and he sees them as well so
he runs away they catch him and berate
him for having used them
ryan claims the girls wanted it they
point out to him the dishonesty in him
having sex with two girls one day before
his wedding but ryan tells them that
he's been with his wife since the first
day of college and he thinks they will
stay together forever he begs them not
to do anything to ruin the wedding so
after his wife arrives and they see that
she's very controlling and demanding of
ryan kate and meg realize that ryan
marrying her was an appropriate
punishment for him
he will suffer enough as it is in his
marriage
now there was only four hours left
before their flight
meg goes to craig's shop and apologizes
to him
before she leaves his shop she kisses
him after that they go to the airport
meg tells kate that they should not be
roommates anymore as they are too
dependent on one another kate tearfully
agrees with her
kate returns to her school and goes to
her principal telling him that she will
leave the job if she's not allowed to
indulge the student's creativity
the principal tells her that she's
mistaken and he never wanted her to
leave the job as a matter of fact he
wants her to be the coach of the
volleyball team she delightfully accepts
his offer meg is now in a long distance
relationship with craig
and meg lives in an apartment only a few
doors down from kate
at night they watch movies together
to watch more explanations of these
kinds of movies click on the videos on
your screen
and don't forget to let me know how you
feel about today's video in the comments
down below and at last i will say stay
safe stay well
thanks